After a report has been proofread, the name of the student will be highlighted in yellow.


Baby Monsters
Total No. of Students: 29  Reports Completed: 29


Tuesday 5-6.30 PM
Adélaïde, Gabrielle, Anaé, Melissa, Clotilde,Artemis


Adélaïde
Adélaïde is confident in the familiar environment of After School.  She is calm and focused during group games.She autonomously responds to the greeting questions. She is more willing to attempt new activities. She delights in sharing her knowledge with the group.


Adélaïde was eager to return to her second year at After School. She asked the other Monsters’ names and responded to the questions. She identified some of the animals from the first theme taken from the book, ‘Brown Bear’.She delighted in following the actions to familiar classroom tunes. Her strong fine motor skills helped her to be independent in her crafts. Following this great start to the school year, Adélaïde enjoyed the second theme, ‘Pets’. She named some of the pets when looking at the flashcards. She enjoyed making the fish craft and mouse hat during the craft times during this period. After the December holidays, Adélaïde autonomously responded with her name in a full sentence in response to the question. She helped to list the emotions when the class was preparing to answer the question about how they were feeling. She enjoyed playing vocabulary games with the flashcards, including games of Memory. She also counted to 10 without assistance. Towards the end of the year, Adélaïde continued to shine by following all classroom rules and multiple step instructions for the craft. She guided the other Monsters to let them know it was their turn when playing group games. She also led the group in the roll call and in games of ‘Hide the Coin’ where she hid a coin under a numbered cup and called on the other Monsters to guess which cup hid the coin. 


I expect Adélaïde to continue to flourish while progressing through to the next level of Mini Monsters. She will encounter new challenges, including counting to higher numbers and copying vocabulary words to her worksheets. We look forward to seeing Adélaïde for another year of fun and learning at After School. 


Anaé
Anaé is an energetic learner who is keen to explore the classroom. She is able to quickly adapt new games and often successfully  follows instructions. Her drive to be autonomous also helps her excel in fine motor skill tasks. 


Anaé settled into the routine of coming to After School in the first few sessions. She often followed prompts to respond to the greeting question with her name. She demonstrated excellent focus during group activities, including listening to stories. She repeated the vocabulary of this first theme, ‘Brown Bear’, as well as the colours associated with the story. She showed some awareness of the lines on colouring activities where she coloured in and around the animals during the listen and colour tasks.  Anaé was delighted to return to After School after the October holidays. She said her name when the group took turns replying to the questions. She was eager to lead group activities, including repeating the question to ask for the location of the other Monsters during roll call.  After the December break, Anaé was more autonomous during craft activities including working toward independent use of scissors. She repeated the vocabulary in ‘loud’ and ‘quiet’ voices as instructed. She also counted with the group.  Towards the end of the school year, Anaé demonstrated excellent focus during vocabulary games, for example, she successfully found matching flashcards during games of Memory.  She also autonomously used all craft materials including cutting out her crafts. She confidently counted to six. 


I expect Anaé to delight in returning for her second year as a Baby Monster. She will master fine motor skills. She will enjoy being a confident leader during vocabulary games and in the welcome routine. As a second year Baby Monster, she can also help guide the younger Monsters to follow the group. We look forward to seeing Anaé for another year of fun and learning at After School! 


Melissa
Melissa is eager to follow the rules. She delights in demonstrating her skills for the group. She is often eager to help remind the other Monsters of the classroom expectations. She focuses on achieving each task to the best of her ability. 
From the start of the year, Melissa demonstrated confidence and participated in each activity.  She identified the animals on the vocabulary flashcards. She was also keen to point out these animals in the story, ‘Brown Bear’ by Eric Carle. She had excellent fine motor skills control when completing her crafts.  She delighted in playing games around the classroom, including ‘Colour hunt’ where the Monsters took turns finding colours around the classroom.  As the year progressed, Melissa continued to be an excellent example of following instructions. She calmly waited her turn when playing group games. She  confidently counted with the group and followed the actions to the songs. After the December break, Melissa often sang parts of these songs when completing her activities. She counted to ten by herself. She pointed out emotions and colours when listening to stories. Towards the end of the year, she continued to enjoy vocabulary games.  She pointed out the sea animals in the books. She often brought a lot of energy to these sessions and usually followed prompts to focus on the activity. She autonomously sang the greeting songs and some lyrics from other classroom favourites. 


I expect that Melissa will flourish as she progresses to become a Mini Monster. She will enjoy counting to higher numbers as well as completing more complex crafts.  Through the year, I hope that she will continue to sing songs from each theme. We look forward to seeing Melissa for another year of fun and learning. 


Gabrielle
 Gabrielle is often a focused student who is eager to follow the group. She enjoys receiving recognition when following instructions. She is eager to demonstrate her skills in language and arts with the group. 


Gabrielle was a great example of following instructions from the start of the year. She confidently said her name in response to the question. She named some of the animals when listening to the story, ‘Brown Bear’ by Eric Carle. She named some of the animals when listening to the story. She repeated the colours and autonomously completed most of her crafts. After the October holidays, Gabrielle started to predict the next activity in the session. For example, she started to sing the greeting song when the calendar routine was finished. During this time, she also counted with the group. In January and February, she pointed to the flashcard with the image of how she was feeling in response to the question. She followed the actions to the theme song ‘Teddy Bear, Teddy Bear’. She demonstrated improved fine motor skills when using scissors to complete her craft. As the year progressed, Gabrielle brought a lot of energy to the session. She usually followed prompts to join the group for activities. She required minimal prompting to say how she was feeling. She was eager to count with the group. She autonomously  cut out her crafts. 


I expect Gabrielle to delight in returning to After School as a second year Baby Monster. She will enjoy mastering use of all craft materials to independently complete all crafts. She will delight in helping new Baby Monsters to settle when moving from one activity to the next. She will be happy to become a leader in the session. 


Clotilde
Clotilde is a focused student. She delights in working with the other Monsters. She demonstrates a natural comprehension of English. She delights in completing her crafts. 


Clotilde joined the group midway through the year. She enjoyed the themes of ‘Commotion in the Ocean’ and the stories, ‘Three Little Pigs’ and ‘Little Red Hen’ . She named some of the animals for the group.  She confidently replied to the greeting questions and sometimes followed prompts to ask the other Monsters these questions.  She used her scissors with some independence. She enjoyed dancing and singing along with the group. She sometimes sang these tunes when completing her craft. She pointed out some of the colours and shapes in books. She successfully counted in front of the group. She demonstrated excellent turn taking skills when playing group games, including memory and flashcard fishing. 


I expect Clotilde will continue to enjoy her language learning experience as a second year Baby Monster. She will discover new themes while progressing in her fine motor skills. She will build more confidence when speaking in front of the group and enjoy helping other Monsters to spontaneously speak and or sing in English. 




Artemis
Artemis is a social learner who likes to work with other Monsters and compare her work. She confidently follows the group in games and songs.  She delights in being able to share her knowledge with the group, for example in pointing out colours in a story. 


Artemis settled in quickly after joining the group at the end of January. She followed the actions to the songs and when practising the vocabulary.  She counted with the group and also showed her counting skills when completing crafts at the table.  During these art sessions, she had excellent fine motor skills that she demonstrated in autonomously cutting out her crafts.  Towards the end of the school year, Artemis pointed out colours in storybooks when listening with the group. She counted in front of the other Monsters. She named some of the vocabulary words from the themes when looking at the flashcards. 


I expect Aretmis to continue to enjoy her development of English skills as she moves up to become a Mini Monster.  She will delight in exploring new themes and practising a different range of vocabulary words. She will continue to learn to count to higher numbers and have more opportunities to practise her fine motor skills.


Wednesday 8.45- 11.45 AM
Axel, Gabrielle, Matthieu, Jasmine, Maxine, Simon, 


Axel
Axel brings a lot of energy to the classroom. He is often eager to explore his environment. He follows prompts to focus on group activities. He is often eager to share his knowledge with the group. He delights in being autonomous, especially when completing crafts. 


From the start of the year, Axel enjoyed joking about his name in response to the greeting question. He was eager to explore his new surroundings and  often followed prompts to refocus on the group activities. He named all the animals in the book of the theme, ‘Brown Bear’ by Eric Carle. He was nearly autonomous when completing the crafts.  When he returned from the October holidays, he required less prompting to join in all group activities. He confidently identified the flashcards of the pet theme. He continued to progress towards complete independence when completing his crafts. As the year continued, he said his name and how he was feeling in response to the questions.  He demonstrated his numeracy skills by counting in front of the group. He named a lot of the vocabulary from the theme of toys, especially when playing games of flashcard bowling.  Towards the end of the year, he demonstrated excellent concentration during most group games and story times. He used some spontaneous English when discussing the sequence of tasks. He calmly waited his turn during games, including a favourite classic, ‘Hide the coin’ where he guessed which numbered cup hid the fake coin.  He became completely autonomous when completing crafts including using glue. 


I expect Axel will delight in his second year of being a Baby Monster where he can demonstrate his mastery of fine motor skills by independently completing  crafts. He will delight in becoming a leader for his favourite games, including ‘find the coin’ and fishing games. I also look forward to seeing him continue to spontaneously discuss upcoming activities as well as counting to higher numbers.






Gabrielle
Gabrielle is an eager learner who is focused during group activities. She also delights in being in a group of her peers. She often takes initiative to help clean up. She sometimes reminds other Monsters of the rules. She is confident in her fine motor skills. 


She demonstrated this keen interest in following the rules from the start of the year. She said her name in a full sentence. She often repeated the vocabulary and the colours when looking at the flashcards. She completed her craft without assistance including writing her name and using scissors. As the year progressed, Gabrielle was often a calming influence in the group. She said her name in response to the question. She identified the colours in the books when listening to stories. She repeated the vocabulary and followed the actions. When returning from February holiday, she delighted in showing her numeracy skills by counting in front of the group. She also sang along and followed all the actions to the song, ‘Teddy Bear, Teddy Bear’. When the school year was  coming to an end, she continued to delight in the ‘jokes’ of the welcome routine. She autonomously led the roll call by asking for the location of the other Monsters. She delighted in using her numeracy skills for games, including ‘Find the Coin’ where she took turns guessing the numbered cup hiding the fake coin and hiding the coin for the other Monsters to find. 


I expect Gabrielle will flourish with  the new challenges in the next level, Mini Monsters. She will start to count to higher numbers. She will also be invited to copy vocabulary words. The crafts will be more complex to match her level of fine motor skills. 


Matthieu
Matthieu is an observant learner who takes time to survey new situations. Once he is adjusted to a new environment, he delights in calm, predictable activities.  He participates in group games by following the actions and when comfortable with verbal responses. 


Matthieu settled into After School after a couple of sessions. He sometimes followed prompts to say his name in response to the question. In the first six weeks, he frequently chose to observe the sessions while sometimes repeating the vocabulary and following the actions. When returning from the October holidays, he occasionally whispered the animals featured in this pet theme when looking at the flashcards. He  started to repeat requests for supplies and counted the pets in his activity when he was not the focus of the group. After the December holidays, his confidence continued to increase to the point that he spoke in front of the group to name  some shapes and vocabulary words from the theme of toys. He autonomously whispered requests for supplies. He also demonstrated improved fine motor skills when cutting out his art projects. Towards the end of the school year, he showed his ease and comfort in the class by laughing aloud at the ‘jokes’ of the welcome routine. He responded to the greeting questions in front of the group. He joined in singing some of the greeting songs and other tunes during Music Time. He repeated the vocabulary of the themes and counted with the group. 


I expect Matthieu will continue to develop as he returns as a second year Baby Monster. While he might take a couple weeks to settle with a new group of Monsters, he may feel more comfortable when recognises the same welcome routine and general structure.  He will be autonomous in most crafts. He may also enjoy being able to help new Monsters settle into the centre.